questone leds now light up and blink (#121)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: limitations.md

## Celestica Questone 2A port LEDs do not light up

> **Port LED support has been implemented in BISDN Linux 4.1.0**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: No. Let's keep the info which version fixes a certain behaviour prominent, because that's the first thing that would interest me.

> On Celestica Questone 2A port LEDs currently do not light up when a link is established.
> LED support will be implemented in a future update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In BISDN Linux prior to the release 4.1 the LEDs on Celestica Questone 2A ports do not light up when a link is established.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that's pretty much what I meant.
